**EAD_ASpace_export_post-processor.xsl** - Fixes various validation issues with Duke's ArchivesSpace EAD exports, most related to namespace conflicts carried over from Archivist Toolkit (ns2: vs. xlink:)

**aspace_dig_guide_creator.xsl** - XSLT that extracts metadata and refIDs from ASpace EAD exports and creates a digitization guide spreadsheet (TSV) suitable for use by Duke's Digital Production Center (DPC). Digital Object IDs and URIs can be added to the spreadsheet by DPC during digitization. This script should be modified based on the level of description in a given collection (file vs. item) and the metadata available for any given component in a collection (dates, subjects, etc.). The completed digitization guide can serve as the basis for batch loading digital object records in ArchivesSpace and linking those digital objects as instances to existing archival object (component) records using duke_update_archival_object.py

**aspaceEAD_to_SteadyCSV** - XSLT that transforms ASpace-exported EAD into a TSV file suitable for uploading to the Steady webservice at: https://sleepy-ocean-6616.herokuapp.com/.  Steady will convert the CSV to very basic EAD that can imported into ASpace. NOTE: The Steady service only supports three levels of heierarchy in description and a small subset of possible EAD elements. Therefore, records with complex hierarchy and note fields not supported by Steady will get flattened and simplified when using this XSLT. So....use with caution and understand what data you will lose if you roundtrip.  Also, all the standard ASpace-EAD roundtripping warnings apply.
